# September  09, 2024
Today i created my first Github account and i am looking foward to learning how to code with Github seeing what it is all about! 

# August 27, 2024
So far learning how to code using phyton so far has been very interesting and has introduced to a very complex and hard way of coding. 
Wile learning phyton iv'e seen a lot of things from math such as variales which allow you to save or assign data to a placeholder  that you can reference, manipulate, and move around later in the code. And integers, integers can be saved to variables much like strings can.

# September 9, 2024
When creating my journal i didn't have a lot of problems following the instructions for creating it. The only challeges i faced when creating and doing my journal was finding the journal prompts, other than that it wasn't difficult creating it.

# September 16, 2024
This is a free week

# September 23, 2024
Doing Phyton and doing Sphero, i can say that doing phyton is a harder and more complex coding style. While Sphero coding is you putting a bunch of commands toghether to make the thing your controll move and do something. While phyton takes much more thinking and requires focus to code becasue putting the wrong thing can mess up what your trying to do.

# September 30, 2024
Computer Science is used everyday in my life i use it when i need to look up something on google or when i'm using my phone. Without these things in my life it would be very diffrent especially witout my phone i woudn't be able to text the people i know or call them either i also wouldn't be able to take pictures to save good memories i have.

# October 10, 2024
Software Development
Looking at all the options in computer science i feel like becoming a softeare developer, intrest me the most. Software Developers job is to desgin, program, build, deploy and maintain software using many diffrent skills and tools. To become a software developer you need to have certain skills such as Programming languages, Data structures and algorithms, Databases, and so on and so on. Aslo to become a developer you need at least a bachelor's degree in a related field, such as computer science, software engineering, computer and information technology, or engineering. This job algins with my interest because i like computers and learning about the coding and software development seems very interesting to me and challenging.
# October 15, 2024
Coding is an skill that goes beyond just computer science, learning to code can sharpen your mind and help with your creativity. Coding can also help with solving problems because when you are programing you must break down complex issues into smaller managable parts and think logically while doing so. Coding can also help with other things outside of computer science; it can help with multiple things of you life such as critical thinking, quicker problem sovlving skills, and also helps with you confidence, which overall help in your day to day life where you can use in other jobs you are interested in. Programming languages can develop student creativity by encouraging problem-solving, supporting personal and collaborative projects, enabling experimentation, and providing practical applications. They empower students to think innovatively and express creativity through code.
# October 21, 2024
Artificial Intelligence or AI, is an helpful computer programed assittant that mimics human intelligence and is used in your day to day life, like your phones,social media,digital assistiant, and homeelectronics. Using AI as a whole has benefited humans in many ways, some things as simple setting an alarm to wake up or coding a program for a website. As much as Ai helps everybody everyday it also comes with potential risk. One common brought up topic about AI being a risk is the is it too helpful, as thechnolgy advances everyday and how much people rely on it does it effect the way of human life. One example of this is with AI advancing people lose jobs which makes it hard for people to look for jobs and keep them. As AI advances everyday a lot of people are worried for the future, seeing if AI will be the downfall of the human race or help for the better.
# October 28, 2024
One of the significant positive impacts of technology on the election process is the introduction of e-voting or electronic voting.This system leverages advanced encryptio mathods to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of votes. For instance, countries like the United States have adopted this method to replace the traditional paper ballot system. Despite the benifits, the use of thechnology in elections also presents potential challenges. One of the main concers is the susceptibility of these systems to hacking or cyber-attacks.
# December 2, 2024
Artificial Intelligence continues to shape the way people live and work in their day to day lives. Whith such quick advancments in AI everday there is something new about AI, an example of these advances is Multimodal AI. Multimodal AI is a single-mode data processing to encompass multiple input types, such as text, images and sound -- a step toward mimicking the human ability to process diverse sensory information. With this people are able to preform complex tasks by combining different data types like text, images, audio, and video, enabling actions such as analyzing a photo while understanding spoken instructions about it, generating descriptive text responses, and making informed decisions based on diverse information sources; making it useful in applications like autonomous vehicles, healthcare diagnostics, customer service, and advanced security systems. 
sources
https://www.techtarget.com/searchenterpriseai/tip/9-top-AI-and-machine-learning-trends

https://www.google.com/search?surl=1&q=what+are+people+able+to+do+with+Multimodal+AI%0D%0A&sca_esv=32e73b67f33f8410&rlz=1C1GCHA_enUS1124US1125&ei=jO9NZ4_vN5rlwN4P2u_C2Qs&ved=0ahUKEwiP5f-jz4mKAxWaMtAFHdq3MLsQ4dUDCA8&uact=5&oq=what+are+people+able+to+do+with+Multimodal+AI%0D%0A&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiLndoYXQgYXJlIHBlb3BsZSBhYmxlIHRvIGRvIHdpdGggTXVsdGltb2RhbCBBSQoyChAAGLADGNYEGEdIzjVQ1wVYsCtwAXgBkAEAmAEAoAEAqgEAuAEDyAEA-AEC-AEBmAIBoAICmAMAiAYBkAYBkgcBMaAHAA&sclient=gws-wiz-serp&safe=active&ssui=on
# December 9, 2024
The word brain rot means to me watching something or saying something with no meaning or that is dumb or stupid on purpose. One exaple of something being brain rot is a collection of videos called skibidi toilet, a animated video series where peoples heads are coming out of the toilet and doing random things in the videos.

# January 8, 2025
With the new semester here i would like to express my thoughts on my expereince in this class.One thing i like about this class is that i get to do things iv'e never done before and explore a subject i not familiar with and learn on it.As this new semester coming up i now am hoping to learn more about coding and programming and get more in depth learning in python.
# January 13, 2025
With AI being use more than ever now companies all over the world are staring to use Ai to help and improve the workplace with all types of things.But with AI the growth rapidly taking over companies are investing in more AI which is giving less opportunities for humans to get a job.This really shows for tech comapines as studies show 95% of senior leaders reporting current investments in the technology; some compaines are planning to invest in 10 million or more to AI.With Ai being used more than ever i believe this is limiting a lot of jobs for AI and making it more difficult for people to get jobs, especially in the tech industry.
# January 22, 2025
With theh Us government temporally banning tik tok for all users a lot of people question and wonder if government intervention impacts technology companies and their users? In my government involving themselves in tech related things effects users mostly because tech compaines such like tik tok collect their consumers data and the government then can take that data for themselves.\
# February 3, 2025
With the recent tragic  plane crash in Washigton D.C there is a question that seems to pop up in a lot of peoples heads, how can you prevent an incident like this from happening again.One way is improving the technolgy in the aviation field, One way we can improve the technolgy in Developed by researchers at MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Air-Guardian extends beyond the limitations of traditional autopilot by forging a collaborative, symbiotic partnership with the pilot. The AI copilot leverages cutting-edge eye-tracking technology as well as “saliency maps, which pinpoint where attention is directed.” This allows for monitoring of where a pilot's gaze falls within a flight environment, from the cockpit to the skies beyond. Gathering valuable insights into the user's focus and decision-making process, Air-Guardian analyses this information in conjunction with real-time flight data to anticipate potential risks, shortcomings, and areas of improvement through detailed algorithm development. This proactive approach allows Air-Guardian to make decisions that complement the pilot's movements before or during the action, rather than after an incident has occurred.
source:https://www.captechu.edu/blog/how-ai-can-improve-aviation-safety
# February 18, 2025
While scrolling onn tik tok i learned that a astronaunt with a disabilty was cleared for a mission making him the first astronaunt with a disabilty to go to space
# February 24, 2025
Technolgy can play a vital role in bridging generational language and understanding between diffrent age groups. Technolgy can be used to educate and train individuals on the cultural diffrences that exist between generations. Things like onlince courses and webinars can provide valuabe insights into the communication styles and cultural background of diffrent age groups helping to foster an understanding and respect between generations.
March 
# March 3, 2025
I feel like when the substitute came the class was prettty well behaved and respectful toward the teacher and made her job as easy as possible. I hope when we left that she felt that this was a well behaved class and would gladly do it again. The thing i would change for any future substitute teacher is to be more talkitive with her for a better experience when she comes.
# March 24, 2025
Wiih March Maddness here, people are placing bets and trying to perdict who will come out on top this year. When doing so a lot of people like to go to look at sports data to help them with those decisions. Even though sports analysts aren't always right its a fair guess on who will win in the end. WIth that said being said sports data has imporoved a lot with the advancments of technolgy making it as accurate as possible. But with that I feel like it takes away from the excitement and unpredictability of he game. This takes away from the excitement of the game which is why people watch sports becasue of the unpredictability of the game, and sports predictions take away from that. 
# March 31, 2025
With this school year coming to an end, mentally i am doing fine and very stress free: just a little nervous about SAT scores and upcoming STAAR test coming up. Physically my body is a little tired and sore, but i'll just sleep it off. For the rest of the school year i will be striving for all A's and B's in my classes, and get AB honor roll to end the school year.  
# April 4, 2025
I think having AI as school tutors is a great idea because, it allows the student to specifically pick what they are struggling in when learning a subject. It also allows them to study whenever whereever they want since you have AI everywhere, while giving teachers a break from after school tutoring, since the AI tutor will be there to help.
# April 14, 2025
I believe when you ban student phones while at school it is a detrimental becasue, when you ban students phones you make it more likley for students to sneak phones and other electronic devices to bypass the no phone policy. Also when you ban phones it may cause kids to act in retaliation to the ban. They may protest or refuse to do work or just not even show up to school because of the ban. If a ban would to come to my school i would think this is a violation of people's rights.
